doc: Adding documentation for multiple resource injection (Quarks and Spring Boot) (#596)
TimefoldAI/timefold-solver: docs/src/modules/ROOT/pages/integration/integration.adoc

    @Default
    public SolverManager<Timetable, String> overrideSolverManager(SolverFactory<Timetable> solverFactory) {
        SolverManagerConfig solverManagerConfig = new SolverManagerConfig();
        return SolverManager.create(solverFactory, solverManagerConfig);
    }
}
----
--
Kotlin::
+
--
[source,kotlin]
----
package org.acme.employeescheduling.rest

import ai.timefold.solver.core.api.solver.SolverFactory
import ai.timefold.solver.core.api.solver.SolverManager
import ai.timefold.solver.core.config.solver.SolverManagerConfig
import jakarta.enterprise.context.ApplicationScoped
import jakarta.enterprise.inject.Default
import jakarta.ws.rs.Produces
import org.acme.kotlin.schooltimetabling.domain.Timetable

@ApplicationScoped
class BeanProducer {

    @Produces
    @Default
    fun overrideSolverManager(solverFactory: SolverFactory<Timetable>?): SolverManager<Timetable, String> {
        val solverManagerConfig = SolverManagerConfig()
        return SolverManager.create(solverFactory, solverManagerConfig)
    }
}
----
--
====

[NOTE]
====
Consider using xref:#integrationWithQuarkusMultiStage[multiple solver configurations] instead of manually creating resources.
====

> [#integrationWithQuarkusMultiStage]

Reviewer: Please change the ref to match the title.

    ...
}

@PlanningEntity
public class Teacher {
    ...
}

@Path("/path")
public class Resource {

    @Named("teacherSolver")
    SolverManager<TeacherToLessonSchedule, String> teacherToLessonScheduleSolverManager;

    @Named("roomSolver")
    SolverManager<Timetable, String> lessonToRoomTimeslotSolverManager;

    ...
}

----
--
Kotlin::
+
--
[source,kotlin]
----

@PlanningSolution
class TeacherToLessonSchedule {
    ...
}

@PlanningEntity
class Teacher {
    ...
}

@Path("path")
class Resource {

    private final var teacherToLessonScheduleSolverManager: SolverManager<TeacherToLessonSchedule, String>?
    private final var lessonToRoomTimeslotSolverManager: SolverManager<Timetable, String>?

    @Inject
    constructor(
        @Named("teacherSolver") teacherToLessonScheduleSolverManager: SolverManager<TeacherToLessonSchedule, String>,
        @Named("roomSolver") lessonToRoomTimeslotSolverManager: SolverManager<Timetable, String>
    ) {
        this.teacherToLessonScheduleSolverManager = teacherToLessonScheduleSolverManager
        this.lessonToRoomTimeslotSolverManager = lessonToRoomTimeslotSolverManager
    }

    ...
}
----
--
====

> It is worth noting that **multi-stage** planning can be accomplished by using a separate solver configuration for each optimization stage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Multi-stage planning can also be accomplished by using a separate solver configuration for each optimization stage.
```

If you are starting a new project, visit the https://code.quarkus.io/[code.quarkus.io] and select
the _Timefold AI constraint solver_ extension before generating your application.

=== Timefold configuration properties

Following properties are supported in the Quarkus `application.properties`:

:property_prefix: quarkus.
include::config-properties.adoc[]

[#integrationWithQuarkusManagedResources]

> === Auto-managed resources

Reviewer: I'd call this "injecting managed resources".

The Quarkus integration allows the injection of several managed resources, including `SolverConfig`, `SolverFactory`,
`SolverManager`, `SolutionManager`, `ScoreManager`, and `ConstraintVerifier`.

The `SolverConfig` resource is constructed by reading the `application.properties` file and classpath. Therefore, Domain entities

> (solution, entities, and constraint classes) and customized properties (spent-limit, domain-access-type, etc) for the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(solution, entities, and constraint classes) and customized properties (`spent-limit`, `domain-access-type` etc.) for the
```

planning problem are identified and loaded into the solver configuration.

The available resouses can be injected as follows:

[tabs]
====
Java::
+
--
[source,java]
----
@Path("/path")
public class Resource {

    @Inject
    SolverConfig solverConfig;

    @Inject
    SolverFactory<Timetable> solverFactory;

    @Inject
    SolverManager<Timetable, String> solverManager;

    @Inject
    SolutionManager<Timetable, SimpleScore> simpleSolutionManager; // <1>

    @Inject
    ScoreManager<Timetable, SimpleScore> simpleScoreManager; // <1>

    @Inject
    ConstraintVerifier<TimetableConstraintProvider, Timetable> constraintVerifier;

    ...
}
----

> <1> The following score types are available: `SimpleScore`, `SimpleLongScore`, `SimpleBigDecimalScore`, `HardSoftScore`, `HardSoftLongScore`, `HardSoftBigDecimalScore`, `HardMediumSoftScore`, `HardMediumSoftLongScore`, `HardMediumSoftBigDecimalScore`, `BendableScore`, `BendableLongScore`, and `BendableBigDecimalScore`.

Reviewer: Don't we have a list of score types elsewhere in the docs? If so, I'd just reference that. No point in duplicating content.

        SolverManagerConfig solverManagerConfig = new SolverManagerConfig();
        return SolverManager.create(solverFactory, solverManagerConfig);
    }
}
----
--
Kotlin::
+
--
[source,kotlin]
----
package org.acme.employeescheduling.rest

import ai.timefold.solver.core.api.solver.SolverFactory
import ai.timefold.solver.core.api.solver.SolverManager
import ai.timefold.solver.core.config.solver.SolverManagerConfig
import jakarta.enterprise.context.ApplicationScoped
import jakarta.enterprise.inject.Default
import jakarta.ws.rs.Produces
import org.acme.kotlin.schooltimetabling.domain.Timetable

@ApplicationScoped
class BeanProducer {

    @Produces
    @Default
    fun overrideSolverManager(solverFactory: SolverFactory<Timetable>?): SolverManager<Timetable, String> {
        val solverManagerConfig = SolverManagerConfig()
        return SolverManager.create(solverFactory, solverManagerConfig)
    }
}
----
--
====

[NOTE]
====
Consider using xref:#integrationWithQuarkusMultiStage[Multi-stage planning] for multiple solver configurations instead of manually creating resources.
====

[#integrationWithQuarkusMultiStage]

> === Multi-stage planning

Reviewer: I am not entirely sure why we're selling this as multi-stage planning. This feature can be used for other uses as well. It is a generic feature.

Personally, I'd remove references to multi-stage, turn it into a generic chapter on injecting multiple instances of `SolverManager`, and maybe mention in a note that this feature could be used for multi-stage planning.

Quarkus multi-stage planning allows for defining different solver settings or even wholly distinct planning problems in the same
application. Timefold identifies each setting and provides a specific managed resource, `SolverManager`.

==== Solver configuration properties

Following properties are supported per each solver:

:property_prefix: quarkus.
include::config-solver-properties.adoc[]

==== Working with multiple Solvers

> The different solver settings are configured in the `application.properties` file. For example, two different time
> settings for spent-limit are defined as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The different solver settings are configured in the `application.properties` file. For example, two different time
settings for `spent-limit` are defined as follows:
```
